P5-251: Updated snippets to match code (#175)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/5.Solution/MovementModule.tex

This functionality is shown in \autoref{lst:getspeed}.

\begin{lstlisting}[language=CSharp,caption={get\_speed\_by\_distance method from movement.c},label={lst:getspeed},firstnumber={109}]
int8_t get_speed_by_distance(int8_t distance, T_AXIS_TYPE axis) {
    if (distance < MOTOR_DEADZONE && distance > -MOTOR_DEADZONE) {
        return 0;
    }

    int8_t lower_bound = get_minimum_power(axis, distance >= 0) * ((distance >= 0) ? 1 : -1);
    int8_t range = axis == AXIS_X ? POWER_RANGE_X : POWER_RANGE_Y;

    return (range * distance / MAX_INPUT_VALUE) + lower_bound;
}
\end{lstlisting}

If the distance to the target is sufficiently small, the motors should not move, which is done by checking whether the distance is less than a constant called \texttt{MOTOR\_DEADZONE}.
If this is the case, the returned speed will be zero.
This constant is by default 1, meaning that the turret has to aim directly at the target.

Alternatively, the function will find the minimum power required to move in the wanted direction on the relevant axis.
The speed is then timed by $1$ or $-1$ to make sure that the lower bound has the same direction as the distance.

> The distance is then mapped into a range, which is a different range based on the axis, in the way described in \autoref{sec:mappingcompvis}.

Reviewer: forstår ikke

> When the turrets aim is either on target or a target cannot be seen, the speed is set to $0$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When the turret is either on target or a target cannot found, the speed is set to $0$.
```
